README.md, before:

# Scotbotics
Main Area for All Code

10/31/16 MecanumFIRST is our current TeleOp and MecanumAutonomous is our current Autonomous

Notes to anyone who might be on our shared github, this is also some sort of a tutorial -

1. You are currently in what is known as a resporitory. It is a folder that houses all the code we have written

2. Our resporitory is broken up in branches which sort them into categories, current branches include setup, master (contains everything), strings and magpie. To change branches go to the create/change branch, it's in the top leftish left corner.

3. To access a file just click on it. The gray text to the right of it is a description of whatever the last editor did on the file. Please update it if you edit code.

4. Once you get into the code file to edit you go to the pencil icon in the top right corner of the code to edit and at the bottom of the page hit commit when you a done. A commit is the equivilant of a save in github.

5. To create a new file go to where the resporitory name is and click the plus sign. You can then name your code file, put in the code and hit commit.

6. Github IS NOT AN IDE. You cannot test your code in this, put your code in after you know it works. Please check it through andorid studio

7. All code is available for your own use, just give the author some some credit and feel free to edit it. If you would like to change the code you have two options. 
  
    a. Create a fork of it. A fork is your own copy of the code that leaves the master one untouched. When you think your code is superior just create a pull request (top right corner) and the author of the original code has the option to merge the two codes.
 
    b. Just update the code, at the very least tell everyone what you changed, preferably get the author's permission first.

8. When you finish working on your program, before you hit commit please write a short summary (like 20 characters short). Helps keep things known betweeen everyone.

9. Please put comments in your code, especially in parts that no one but the person who wrote it would understand easily.


That should be about it. Enjoy your day and welcome to our coding group!
-Sam Orta

Commit message:

Fixed some nonsense left over from APCS

README.md, after:

# Scotbotics
Main Area for All Code

10/31/16 MecanumFIRST is our current TeleOp and MecanumAutonomous is our current Autonomous

Notes to anyone who might be on our shared github, this is also some sort of a tutorial -

1. You are currently in what is known as a resporitory. It is a folder that houses all the code we have written

2. Make sure there's no errors, for the love of neuroscience no red lines and please don't have red lines and not tell that in the program.

3. To access a file just click on it. The gray text to the right of it is a description of whatever the last editor did on the file. Please update it if you edit code.

4. Once you get into the code file to edit you go to the pencil icon in the top right corner of the code to edit and at the bottom of the page hit commit when you a done. A commit is the equivilant of a save in github.

5. To create a new file go to where the resporitory name is and click the plus sign. You can then name your code file, put in the code and hit commit.

6. Github IS NOT AN IDE. You cannot test your code in this, put your code in after you know it works. Please check it through andorid studio

7. All code is available for your own use, just give the author some some credit and feel free to edit it. If you would like to change the code you have two options. 
  
    a. Create a fork of it. A fork is your own copy of the code that leaves the master one untouched. When you think your code is superior just create a pull request (top right corner) and the author of the original code has the option to merge the two codes.
 
    b. Just update the code, at the very least tell everyone what you changed, preferably get the author's permission first.

8. When you finish working on your program, before you hit commit please write a short summary (like 20 characters short). Helps keep things known betweeen everyone.

9. Please put comments in your code, especially in parts that no one but the person who wrote it would understand easily.


That should be about it. Enjoy your day and welcome to our coding group!
-Sam Orta
